
Hi

I checked urls and git repository from you and implemented some code.

Urls you provided me was very good materials for arbitrage bot.

Oh that's great to hear

But as you know these are only examples and not competive.

Yes

As they wrote in readme file we must update code and prepare something.

Yes

I tested some part and make sure that we can achieve our goal.

Nice

I also have bot code that works well.
But Before start I have some part make clear.

To achieve our goal we must win in running TX competition.

Agree?

https://bloxroute.com/products/#mempool-data

Can use this for frontrunning protection and transaction speed

Sure. But with only bloxroute it's difficult to win.
So many bots using bloxroute and some others running powerful full-node.

So we would run full node as well

Shivam D.
@shiv33221
So we would run full node as well
Okay. Very good.

Do you have full node?

Can get from website service

We must test node speed to achieve our goal.

Ok

For initial milestone, I am going to make bot code that works in testnet.
Do you agree?

Why not in mainnet

Because of competition.

Code is same but if we run it in mainnet, Tx may fail because of speed.

I am sure that you can prepare node in this period.

Better to be on mainnet so we know how to tweak the bot

Can prepare node anytime

Shivam D.
@shiv33221
Better to be on mainnet so we know how to… more
It will be same in mainnet and testnet.

But without successful execution tx how can i approve my code?

You are guessing the tx will fail without trying

I developed so many bots including arb bot, flash bot, fornt-run bot, sniper bot, MEV bot, signal bot and Trading bot.

As you know so many bots are running in mainnet and it's difficult to execute successful tx.

So what good is a bot running on testnet instead of mainnet

I mean wihout node and front-running.

Thats why need to add that

Yes. for next milstione i will add it.

I told you already payment after completion

If your not okay with that

Okay.

Then I will run it in main net.

Ok

But to test it you should give me some eth for deploying contract and test it.
?

Did you implement flashloan function

sure.

Just a min.

For deployment i can use Remix IDE
https://remix-project.org
Remix - Ethereum IDE & community

https://polygonscan.com/tx/0x305d8df6b99125d2e800786bc9b90b2b4379a4240ae5ad70d8bf2a210bbb19b7

Check this tx.

I flashloan 1 usdc from aave and pay back 1.005 usdc.

This is on polygon network i gave ethereum network script

Because of fee I tested it on polygon.